Add warning to the group API about asynchronize code (#1011)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/02 k6/group- name- fn -.md

| ---- | ------------------------- |
| any  | The return value of _fn_. |

> <Blockquote mod="warning">
> Using group with async functions or any kind of asynchronize code does not work reliably or intuitive.
> 
> This means that starting promise chains or even using `await` within it would not work as expected and some of the code "within" the group will be waited for and will be tagged with the proper `group` tag and others will not be.
> 
> In order for this to not be confusing async functions are forbidden as arguments. This still let users make and chain promises within a group but it is recommend that this is not done and it is not supported. 
> 
> This issue, possible solutions and more detail explanations of all of this is tracked in this [k6 issue](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2728).
> </Blockquote>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Blockquote mod="warning">

Avoid using `group` with async functions or asynchrounous code.
In these k6 might apply tags in a way that's unreliable or unintuitive.

If you start promise chains or even use `await` within `group`, some of the code within the group will be waited for and tagged with the proper `group` tag, but others won't be.

To avoid confusion, async functions are forbidden as arguments. This still let users make and chain promises within a group, but doing so in unsupported and not recommended.

For more information, refer to [k6 #2728](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/2728), which tracks possible solutions and detailed explanation.

</Blockquote>

```

| ---- | ------------------------- |
| any  | The return value of _fn_. |

> <Blockquote mod="warning" title="Working with async functions">

Reviewer: I didn't realize that we need to downgrade the admonition. This is more of a "proceed carefully", not "you will do irreparable harm".

https://developers.google.com/style/notices

> <Blockquote mod="warning" title="Working with async functions">

Author: To be honest using  async and group works so strange (given the input from other k6 OSS contributors), even with changes that are *not* landing, that it is more or less "if you do this we do not give you any gurantees how it will work". Which kind of borders on "if it will work"

> <Blockquote mod="warning" title="Working with async functions">

Reviewer: But, to quote the style guidelines:

> Stronger than a caution notice; it means "Don't do this" or that this step might be irreversible, such as leading to permanent data loss. If a reader doesn't heed the warning, they can lose money, lose work, or open themselves to a security breach. For example, "Don't put a password on the command line; doing so is a security risk."

I mean, if async is _this bad_ in groups, is it possible to just forbid completely?

> <Blockquote mod="warning" title="Working with async functions">

Author: we do that to the extend that is possible and then this is here to both note that this is the case, link to the issue that explains this in more details and tell people to not even try to circument this as it will likely not work as they think it will.

> Avoid using `group` with async functions or asynchrounous code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using `group` with async functions or asynchronous code.
```

> <Blockquote mod="warning">
> 
> Avoid using `group` with async functions or asynchronous code.
> If you do, k6 might apply tags in a way that is unreliable or unintuitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Blockquote mod="warning" title="Avoid using group with async operations">

This might cause k6 to apply tags in a way that is unreliable or unintuitive.
```

> If you start promise chains or even use `await` within `group`, some code within the group will be waited for and tagged with the proper `group` tag, but others won't be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you start promise chains or even use `await` within `group`, some emitted metrics within the group will be waited for and tagged with the proper `group` tag, but others won't be.
```

Author: the problmes are two:
1. code won't we waited for or measured 
2. the metrics emitted by that code might be tagged "correctly" or not 

In practice we either need to split those apart and explain both of the in this snippet or I prefer to keep it as is. And given that explaining the whole problem is more adequote for the issue I prefer to do it there.

Reviewer 2: fair enough, and I misread something when making the suggestion :sweat_smile:  :man_facepalming:

> To avoid confusion, async functions are forbidden as arguments. This still let users make and chain promises within a group, but doing so is unsupported and not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid confusion, async functions are forbidden as arguments. This still lets users make and chain promises within a group, but doing so is unsupported and not recommended.
```
